LIKE: I enjoy watching sci-fi movies set in space.
REASON: I am fascinated by the unknown and the possibilities of extraterrestrial life.
MOVIE: Titan A.E., 2001: A Space Odyssey, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Independence Day (ID4), Space Cowboys, Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi, Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back, Stargate

LIKE: I love action-packed movies with intense battles and thrilling chase scenes.
REASON: The adrenaline rush and excitement keep me on the edge of my seat.
MOVIE: X-Men, Men in Black, Predator, Mad Max, Independence Day (ID4), Face/Off

LIKE: I am a fan of movies that explore the concept of first contact with alien civilizations.
REASON: It's intriguing to imagine how humanity would react and communicate with beings from other worlds.
MOVIE: Close Encounters of the Third Kind, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi, Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back, X-Files: Fight the Future

LIKE: I enjoy watching movies that involve time travel or alternate dimensions.
REASON: The concept of bending time and exploring different realities fascinates me.
MOVIE: 2001: A Space Odyssey, Men in Black, Face/Off

LIKE: I appreciate movies that combine science fiction with western elements.
REASON: The blend of futuristic technology and the Wild West creates a unique and intriguing setting.
MOVIE: Space Cowboys, The Newton Boys

LIKE: I am drawn to movies that feature epic battles between good and evil.
REASON: The clash of ideologies and the fight for justice captivate me.
MOVIE: Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi, Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back, X-Men, Independence Day (ID4)

LIKE: I enjoy movies that explore ancient civilizations and mysterious artifacts.
REASON: Uncovering secrets from the past and unraveling ancient mysteries is thrilling.
MOVIE: Stargate, Dune

LIKE: I appreciate movies that involve shape-shifting or identity swapping.
REASON: The concept of characters assuming different forms or identities adds an intriguing layer to the story.
MOVIE: Face/Off

LIKE: I am a fan of movies that involve a group of individuals coming together for a mission.
REASON: The dynamics and camaraderie among the characters make for an engaging storyline.
MOVIE: Men in Black, Space Cowboys

LIKE: I enjoy movies that involve the exploration of unknown worlds and encountering new species.
REASON: The sense of adventure and discovery appeals to my curiosity.
MOVIE: Titan A.E., 2001: A Space Odyssey, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi, Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back, Stargate, Dune